Well, since you want to die, I'll do it for you
Uh-huh.
Ah, this is also worthy of being called a genius
You were the cabbage that day.
Allah, what's the matter?
This kid didn't listen to the warning, I'll teach you how to be a man
One move and you get dizzy
Ouch.
This Kincaid has such a beautiful girl
I think it's pretty too
Do you want to take it to Lord Ghost to see?
Tell me about it.
Ghost will definitely like it
Beautiful woman beautiful woman
Reward your face and go to the next door to wrap the pulp and drink two glasses together
Not interested
Beautiful woman, you are not giving face
I don't know you.
Why should I give you face?
chick
Do you know the background of the Bao family next door?
I don't care who you are.
Get out of here